yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=True sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=37 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=37 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=37 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=37 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=37 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=36 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=36 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=36 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=36 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=35 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=34 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=33 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=32 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=31 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=30 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=29 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=28 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=27 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=26 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=25 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=24 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=22 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=23 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=21 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=20 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=19 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=18 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=17 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=16 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=15 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=10 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=True definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=14 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=13 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=12 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=11 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=9 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=8 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=7 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=5 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=True str_match=True
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
yes distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=6 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=4 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=3 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=2 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=1 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
no distance=0 demonstrative=False definite=False sub_str=False str_match=False
